British English Academy.
A2 listening activity.
Course: A2 Everyday English.
Module 2: Past Experiences and Personal Stories.
Lesson 2: Past Experiences and Personal Stories: Vocabulary Lesson 2.
Listen and repeat the useful phrases.
Listen for useful words and phrases. Repeat the key vocabulary after the speaker.
Learning objective: Learners can describe, compare and exchange simple information in a vocabulary task about health.
Today you will practise language connected to health.
Target language: comparatives.
Explanation.
In this lesson you will practise vocabulary for past experiences and personal stories. You will learn useful language connected to health and practise comparatives. By the end, you should be able to complete a short real-life task and explain your answer clearly at A2 level.